Downloaded from
YTS.MX
NARRATOR: Two apex predators
dominate the ocean.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
the great white shark.
a lone hunter.
And the orca.
known as the
killer whale.
Both sit atop the oceanic food
chain so when orca begin to
hunt great white sharks
in South Africa.
it's big news.
Experts want to know
will it happen again.
and if so where?
(theme music plays)
It's happened before.
orca have hunted and
killed great white sharks.
One of the first reported
cases off the coast of
California in 1997.
And again in 2017
off South Africa.
Five dead white
sharks washed ashore.
Shark scientists wondered why
orca would hunt dangerous prey
like a white shark.
With attacks happening in
oceans around the world.
experts are looking for
similarities and patterns.
and what the effect would
be on the marine ecosystem.
Particularly in New Zealand.
KINA: When the orca started
to kill the great white
sharks in South Africa.
the rest of the sharks
actually disappeared
and haven't come
back for years.
If that happened
in New Zealand.
not only would we lose this
population of great whites
that we've learned so much
about but it would also be
disastrous for this
ecosystem to lose
an apex predator like that.
NARRATOR: There are several
theories about exactly why
the sharks vanished.
But the coincidence
of the orca attacks
and the disappearance of the
sharks is hard to ignore.
And there's a lot at stake.
including the health of
the marine ecosystem.
New Zealand has a
local orca population
of between 150 and 200.
While the white shark
aggregation is one of the
largest in the world.
Estimated to be over 5.000.
If the orca begin to go
after white sharks here.
they have plenty
to choose from.
New Zealanders Kina Scollay
and Dr. Ingrid Visser
are investigating.
Orca could be hunting great
white sharks already.
But no white sharks
have washed up
on New Zealand beaches.
So. they're searching for
other signs of orca predation.
Any strange behavior.
wounds from an encounter.
anything that points to
orca hunting white sharks.
INGRID: I'm coming
down the port side.
KINA: Roger.
It really is
interesting. Ingrid.
What do you think?
NARRATOR: Local great whites
are in New Zealand waters from
December to June.
when many will
leave on their
annual 2.000 mile migration.
to the coast of Australia.
and the Tropical Pacific.
Local orca. on the other hand.
remain in New Zealand waters
all year round.
roaming the coastline
in search of prey.
Ingrid is New Zealand's
top orca specialist.
But today is her first dive
with great white sharks.
KINA: I'm pretty psyched to
get you in a cage with. uh.
my favorite population of great
white sharks in the world.
INGRID: I have to admit.
I'm pretty pumped about it
myself. that's for sure!
Wow!
KINA: What do you think?
INGRID: It's pretty amazing.
Kina. to see New Zealand
sharks this close.
I really expected to
be quite scared. but
in the safety of the cage
here. it's quite impressive
to just watch them
doing their great white
shark thing. right?
Wow!
He snuck up on us!
KINA: That's their specialty!
NARRATOR: Great white
sharks in this area are
curious and aggressive.
which makes them dangerous.
Orca and white sharks have
shared the top of the ocean
food chain for
millions of years.
So why would orca attack
great whites like these now?
INGRID: Even though orca
are the largest of the
dolphin family and
they can be friendly.
we still have to consider
that they are one of the top
predators of the ocean.
NARRATOR: Ingrid's research
tracks the 200 or so orca
living in New
Zealand's waters.
INGRID: Yeah. I know. big guy!
Hang in there.
The exciting thing about this
adventure for me is that we've
got two top predators.
and we don't really know
what's happening between them.
NARRATOR: Orca and white
sharks are the top
two ocean predators.
Yet they're
fundamentally different.
Orca are air-breathing
mammals.
White sharks are
water-breathing fish.
Orcas live in
pods of up to 40.
made up of individual family
units that remain together
for life and hunt
cooperatively.
Some new research suggests
white sharks may occasionally
hunt in groups.
But they tend to hunt alone.
The largest great white ever
recorded measured over 20 feet
and weighed 5.000 pounds.
Small for an orca.
Killer whales can grow
to 30 feet or more.
And weigh as much
as 20.000 pounds.
But as different as they are.
orca and great whites are
both sophisticated.
tough.
and hungry predators.
KINA: Whoa. this
is a big animal.
NARRATOR: Kina and Ingrid
dive again and again.
Searching for evidence.
KINA: Well. that was a pretty
amazing interaction. Ingrid!
Those two sharks
actually physically
bumped into each other!
Nobody wanted to back down.
and they were leaning
pectoral fin onto pectoral fin.
That's quite a sight!
INGRID: I think this was more
of a. you know. "get out of
my territory" interaction.
I don't doubt that if the orca
were going to take on one of
these great white sharks.
they would be thinking
very carefully about
it before they did.
There wouldn't be a mistake.
and it wouldn't be something
that they would
take on lightly.
Yeah. there seems to be
a very strong hierarchy
going on here.
When you see that with
orca. it's usually a
nice social interaction.
It really is an impressive.
predator on predator
interaction. that's for sure.
NARRATOR: In 2017.
a predator-on-predator
interaction of another kind
took place along the
coast of South Africa.
Five dead great white sharks
washed up on local beaches.
The news is shocking.
Scientists conducted
an investigation.
Of all the evidence collected.
it was the bite marks on the
shark bodies that
revealed the killers.
The teeth marks
belonged to orca.
Stranger still.
the killer whales
had taken only
the shark livers and left the
rest of the bodies untouched.
This was the first recorded
case of orcas killing
white sharks in South Africa.
Shark and orca scientists
wondered when and where it
might happen again.
INGRID: We can't rule out that
the orca here in New Zealand
could hunt great white sharks
in exactly the same way.
NARRATOR: The Foveaux Strait
sits at the southern end
of New Zealand.
Over 6.000 miles to the
east of South Africa.
Both regions have large
populations of great whites
and roaming pods of orca.
A combination that resulted
in a fatal confrontation
in South Africa.
And if white sharks and
orca ever cross paths
in New Zealand.
this is where it could happen.
in the Foveaux Strait.
♪ ♪
KINA: We've got a couple
of good players here.
There's two sharks that
are pretty boisterous.
It's pretty cool!
NARRATOR: Large. boisterous.
and aggressive
great white sharks.
What possible motive could
an orca have for attacking
a great white?
There isn't a clear answer.
But to Ingrid.
it makes some sense.
INGRID (off-screen):
Typically. in New Zealand.
the orcas are not just
targeting prey to take
the whole thing.
They're focused on
particular parts of them
and that's the liver!
NARRATOR: When the
South African orcas
killed the great whites.
this is what they did.
Hunting for liver
with great precision.
Liver is a prize
for any predator.
To hunt. mate. and migrate
thousands of miles.
takes energy.
Liver is pure fuel.
So when they hunt.
they're filling the tank.
New Zealand orca feed on
the 25 species of rays and
skates that swim
in local waters.
The preference for rays is
unique to orca in New Zealand.
But recently local
orca have acquired
a taste for shark liver.
From a smaller cousin
of the great white.
the sevengill.
And evidence suggests
South African orca
started on sevengill sharks
and graduated to great whites.
NARRATOR: Ingrid Visser and
Kina Scollay are looking for
evidence that orca are
hunting great white sharks
in New Zealand waters.
Ingrid has evidence that
there's a disturbing pattern
in orca hunting.
New Zealand orca are
hunting sevengill sharks.
just like the
South African orca.
Sevengill sharks grow to nine
feet long and 200 pounds.
A much larger meal for
an orca than a small ray.
But the sevengill
shark is no easy prey.
INGRID: Sevengills are
relatively new on the orca menu.
but I've seen
it a few times now.
INGRID (off-screen):
You see the orca.
and they're very.
very precise in
how they do it.
I've got footage of the orca
with the sevengills where
they've ripped
the pectoral fin.
right under the
pectoral girdle there.
KINA (off-screen): Right.
INGRID: And they've
extracted the liver.
WOMAN (off-screen): Wee!
Oh. there's a shark.
WOMAN (off-screen): Oh. shark.
Shark.
INGRID (off-screen): One
of the things I find
fascinating is how the
sevengills will actually
turn and defend themselves
against the orca.
The way the orca hunt
the sevengills
is pretty impressive.
First of all they'll
come in and they'll
karate chop the shark.
so they'll just come
and lift their tail up and
whack them on the back.
Then they grab the sharks by
the pectoral fin and rip them
open and pull the livers out.
NARRATOR: Ingrid captured
rare footage of orcas hunting
sevengills in
Northern New Zealand.
♪ ♪
Their precision in hunting
for shark liver is clear.
KINA (off-screen): What's
really fascinating is
that in South Africa.
the orca started
by hunting sevengills.
and then they moved on to
the great white sharks.
So knowing what's gone
on in South Africa.
what concerns me is
exactly the same thing
could happen here.
NARRATOR: A concentration of
sevengill sharks lives up
along the western
coast of New Zealand.
Kina has dived with
them for years.
knows just where they live.
and how they behave.
KINA (over radio): Beautiful.
NARRATOR: They decide to drop
in and see if the sevengills
can give them any clues.
Fiordland National Park
is a vast.
remote wilderness on
the western shore
of New Zealand's south island.
Most areas are accessible
only by helicopter or boat.
KINA (over radio):
You know really.
you fly over
these mountains and
you're in a completely
different world.
and then under the water.
it's completely
different again.
Different to just about
anywhere else you'll dive.
Amazing.
NARRATOR: These deep
fiords are murky.
stained with tannins
from the ancient forest.
It makes the water dark.
even in the middle of the day.
If orcas came here
to hunt sevengills.
it's possible no
one would ever know.
KINA (over radio): I
actually haven't been in
here for about two years.
INGRID (over radio): Wow.
KINA (over radio):
And that's after
diving here month in.
month out for many years.
and I really felt like
I knew these
sevengills so well.
All this talk about
orca eating them.
I just kind of want to
come and have a look.
INGRID (over radio): Yeah.
Absolutely Kina.
and I mean look.
that ties in with the
sightings we've had recently
of the orca coming down
this bit of coastline.
so I'd be fascinated to know
if they're coming up here
to your sevengills.
NARRATOR: The only place for
Kina and Ingrid to land is on
a small fishing trawler.
in the middle of nowhere.
KINA (off-screen): My
little secret spot is
only just literally one
minute's flying
time from here.
so I think it's easiest
if I gear up here.
INGRID (off-screen):
Right. Yeah.
KINA (off-screen):
And then I'm gonna
hop in the helicopter.
just buzz around
there and bomb in!
♪ ♪
NARRATOR: Diving
without a cage.
Kina will have to be
careful of the sevengills
and keep an eye out for orca.
They could be anywhere.
NARRATOR: Kina Scollay
is paying a visit to an
aggregation of
sevengill sharks in
Fiordland National Park.
New Zealand.
And knows just
where to find them.
He's looking for any signs
that orca are hunting
these sevengill sharks.
♪ ♪
KINA: The murky water really
works well for these guys.
You just can't
see them coming.
As they're approaching.
you just see the
white under their mouth.
Looks like an evil
kind of Joker grin.
And then a shark materializes
out of the murk.
NARRATOR: The
sevengills are here.
drifting in and
out of sight.
Checking out the intruder.
KINA: Scientists have
found remains of really
big animals inside them.
Prey items as big. or
bigger. than a human.
And really. the only way
they could do this is if
they're pack hunting.
When you see one coming
out of the murk.
you almost know
there'll be another one
coming from one side.
and if you look the other way.
there'll be another one
sneaking in there. too.
KINA (over radio): Whoa!
KINA: And they're relentless!
Well. it's good to see that
these sevengills are here
and up to their usual tricks.
But to be honest.
there's less than I expected
to find on this dive.
NARRATOR: Sevengills
may be prey for orca.
but these sharks
are no pushovers.
KINA: Oh. this one
means business!
But it's the ones that
sneak up behind that I
really have to worry about.
Whoa. I like this guy!
Yeah. these guys are revving
up a bit much for me.
I think it's time to get
out before they take
control of the situation.
That was awesome to go
and visit those guys.
INGRID: Yeah. great jump!
KINA: Yeah. cheers mate.
KINA (off-screen): That splash
and the. and the noise of the
helicopter really has to
attract them and they
were straight on top
of me when I got in.
but not as many as I
would've expected to see.
INGRID: Really?
Okay. well that's really
interesting because given that
we know historically that
orca are coming in here.
and we've had the
reports recently.
and now you're seeing less
sharks in here too. so.
you know. it's indicative
that something's been
going on. right?
NARRATOR: Lower sevengill
numbers could mean a few
things are going on including
predation by larger predators.
like orcas.
That would mark a change
in their usual diet.
Traditionally.
New Zealand orca
hunt the many species
of rays and skates that
live in these waters.
Like. all dolphins. they have a
special ability to find them.
INGRID: Orca hunt
using echolocation.
which is a series of clicks
that they send out that bounce
back and give them
incredible information.
They can tell even if a
shark has a full tummy.
NARRATOR: It works like sonar.
The orca can detect their prey
even when it's buried
in the sand.
But. filling up on rays and
skates can be hard work
and burn a lot of
precious energy.
KINA: All right.
INGRID (off-screen):
Do you see them?
Look. they're in a really
tight group over here.
Right there.
NARRATOR: Many rays
are bottom feeders.
and spend much of their time
on or buried in the sandy
ocean floor.
Orca jaws are not designed
to grab them off the bottom.
so the orca work together.
Chasing the rays upward and
catching them in the open.
But ray hunts don't
always go smoothly.
Rays often flee to
shallower water.
making it dangerous
for the orca.
There is the risk of
a fatal stranding
as the tide goes out.
And the ray may still escape.
NARRATOR: When orca hunt
rays in New Zealand.
their size is not
always an advantage.
♪ ♪
After a lot of work
and coordinated effort
among several orca.
they catch the ray
but it's a tiny payoff
for all that effort.
And compared with white
sharks rays are a snack.
One 700-pound great white
shark liver could be
equivalent to nearly
175 ray livers.
And it's a lot more work
to hunt multiple rays.
While it is more dangerous to
hunt a single great white.
it might be worth the risk.
KINA: It's really hard not to
think when you see animals
that big that their
liver must be
gold to a liver-eating orca.
NARRATOR: A great white liver
can grow to 25% of the shark's
total weight.
If a 12-foot great white
weighs 1.000 pounds.
it may have a liver
weighing 250 pounds.
A big pay-off for the orca.
Kina and Ingrid are off one
of the Foveaux Strait's large
colonies of seals.
Over the summer.
the white sharks consume many.
Their livers are swollen
with seal blubber and oil.
Ingrid and Kina are looking at
the length of the sharks
to estimate their liver weight.
INGRID: There's one coming up
from the starboard side there.
That's coming right in at us.
How big do you think
that one is. Kina?
KINA: See. that male there
is quite a bit smaller.
And he's well longer than
this cage is wide. so.
probably...
three and a half meters?
It's still three or
four times bigger than
any of the sevengills
I saw on the dive
the other day.
NARRATOR: Great white sharks
as prey for anything.
even orca.
is hard to fathom.
But the orca may
see them that way.
INGRID: All our evidence
points to the fact that the
New Zealand orca have
a very strong culture
of hunting sharks.
INGRID (off-screen): If the
rays were removed from the
food web here in New Zealand.
chances are the orca would
shift their food preferences.
And they could start targeting
great white sharks in earnest.
NARRATOR: So far the
supply of rays and skates
has been ample.
But add warming oceans to
natural fluctuations in all
animal populations and
it's hard to predict
what will happen.
INGRID: Looks like
the size of a horse.
A shark that size. the liver
has to be absolutely huge.
KINA: I think we can
pretty accurately say
it's 4.2 meters long. or
even a little bit bigger.
And that weighs something like
1200 kilos. or 2500 pounds.
That's a mighty.
mighty feed for a
liver-eating orca.
INGRID: I think a shark
that size would be a feast
for a whole family. mate.
Not just one orca!
Is it just me. Kina. or are the
circles that they're making
getting smaller and smaller?
KINA: I think you're
dead right. mate.
INGRID: Is it behind us?
Under the boat!
Here he comes again. eh?
NARRATOR: The half dozen
white sharks swimming by
are more than impressive.
To an orca. they may represent
the food value of 1.000 rays.
KINA: There's another huge one.
Here we go!
If that other one that we
saw earlier was 4.2 meters.
I would say that she
would have to be
well over four and a
half meters. Probably
close to 15 or 16 feet.
NARRATOR: At 16 feet.
this one great white
shark alone
is the equivalent of
200 rays to a hungry orca.
It might be a motive
for predation.
INGRID: Compared to the
size of a ray liver.
which is just a few pounds.
a couple of kilos at most.
to the size of a liver of
these guys.
it's no wonder the orca
would want to target them.
KINA (off-screen):
It's hard not to think.
an animal as intelligent
as the orca.
that they're coming through
here at the perfect time
of year.
when the livers are fat.
they've gotta see
this as a food source.
And even though
it's high risk.
we've seen in South Africa
that they can decide
it's worth it.
There's such a
food source there.
INGRID: Oh. absolutely.
KINA: You've gotta wonder
whether they're not already
onto this.
It may have been going on for
a long time in New Zealand but
we've just never
heard about it.
INGRID: Just. yeah. exactly.
NARRATOR: Ingrid and Kina
have found many similarities
between New Zealand
and South Africa.
In both places.
the orca already
have a taste
for sevengill sharks.
But after the orca killed five
great whites in South Africa.
all the other white
sharks disappeared.
In New Zealand.
all of these sharks
are still here and hunting.
Then. like a bolt
from the blue.
Kina and Ingrid finally see
what they've been looking for.
INGRID: Wow!
That didn't look
like shark bites.
KINA: That really is phenomenal!
NARRATOR: Kina and
Ingrid are observing
local white shark behavior.
when a male with
a wound catches their eye.
KINA: Wow!
One has got big. white
rake marks on his dorsal.
INGRID: They didn't
look like shark bites.
Should have a look and see
if it's orca bite marks!
KINA: You're right!
That's interesting.
I'll try to get some
close shots of it. so
we can have a look
later on. see if we can
figure out what they are.
INGRID: It's coming up on
your left. right there. Kina.
The one with the rake marks.
That's the guy we want.
We just want him to come
in a bit closer. eh?
NARRATOR: An unusual mark on
a white shark's dorsal fin
looks like a bite.
INGRID: He's just
swum towards the bow.
He's just coming down
the port side of the
boat at the moment.
Coming in close now.
Wow!
Those rake marks look
really distinctive.
KINA: What were those
rake marks on the fin?
That was fascinating.
INGRID: Yeah.
KINA: They were quite wide
apart and very straight.
which was interesting.
INGRID (off-screen): Yes.
KINA (off-screen): And
those were uniform. That
was something new to me.
INGRID: Yeah.
And it looks very similar to
what I see in the stingrays
when the orca have
been biting them.
You know. you get these
sort of like someone's
raked the garden.
but it's teeth rake marks.
and that's what it
looked like to me.
Yeah. so let me
show you these.
This is a picture
of an orca's teeth.
See how the teeth
curve backwards?
And so here. this is a close
up of these teeth marks.
and this is what I think we
saw on that great white shark.
KINA (off-screen):
Yeah. amazing.
INGRID: And when you look
at the scale on here.
KINA: Same thing. that was
what we saw on that shark!
INGRID: Matched
with what we saw.
Yeah.
So if I had to put money on it.
I would say it was orca.
KINA (off-screen):
Well. I certainly can't
think of anything else.
and that is pretty phenomenal.
INGRID (off-screen): Sure.
KINA (off-screen): This
could well be the evidence
we're looking for.
NARRATOR: The bite marks
could be a breakthrough.
The first visible sign of
orca-on-white shark predation
they've seen.
Ingrid and Kina devise an
experiment that will use sound
instead of sight.
INGRID: Orca use a range
of different sounds.
They use clicks
for echolocation.
they use whistles and
pulsed calls when
they're communicating.
It's really impressive.
NARRATOR: So they'll use
recorded whale sounds and
observe how the sharks react.
KINA (off-screen): It's a
little known fact about
great white sharks that
they actually have
amazing hearing.
So I think if the great white
sharks react to orca sounds.
that might mean that
they've met them before.
How they react could
possibly even tell us.
whether that experience
was hunting. or otherwise.
So this experiment is going
to be very interesting.
NARRATOR: They mount
an underwater speaker
on the dive cage.
The plan. play sounds
from several other
kinds of whales first.
INGRID: Here you go.
NARRATOR: To try and
draw the sharks in.
INGRID (off-screen):
Oh. that's perfect.
NARRATOR: Once white sharks
are around the cage.
Ingrid will play the sounds
of New Zealand orcas hunting.
KINA: Done.
It will be interesting to see
if they are actually scared of
orca or if they. you know.
if they know what it's like
to be scared of something!
♪ ♪
INGRID: Do you copy me. Kina?
KINA: Roger. Ingrid.
loud and clear.
I guess we're good to go!
INGRID: Well. look I'm gonna
start playing the first set
of sounds now.
This is the humpback whale
calls that you recorded.
KINA: Roger that.
Go right ahead.
(humpback whale singing over PA)
NARRATOR: This is
humpback whale song.
and possibly a great
white dinner bell.
White sharks are known
to hunt whale calves
in the tropical pacific.
KINA: Well. that certainly got
a couple of people interested!
(humpback whale singing over PA)
Oh. yep. all of a sudden
we've got three sharks
right on top of us.
NARRATOR: The circling great
whites begin to rush the
speaker and the cage.
KINA: The sharks are just
all over the cage. and all over
the side that the speaker's on.
It's hard not to think that
they're reacting to that sound.
to be honest.
♪ ♪
(humpback whale singing over PA)
Wow!
Ingrid. we've
just got that. uh.
shark with the two big
rake marks on its
dorsal fin back again!
Look at that!
♪ ♪
NARRATOR: The sharks are
clearly responding to the
humpback whale sounds.
The question is. how will
they react to the sound
of New Zealand killer whales?
NARRATOR: Ingrid Visser and
Kina Scollay want to see how
great whites react to the
sounds of hunting orca.
First. as a test. they
play humpback whale song.
The sharks come
straight to the sound.
KINA: Whoa!
NARRATOR: Including the
shark with the bite marks
on its dorsal fin.
They have to wait a few
minutes for the sharks to
settle down after the
humpback reaction.
INGRID: Now I'm just gonna
play you the sounds from the
orca that eat the salmon.
I recorded these guys off
North America.
Standby.
(orca calls over PA)
INGRID (over radio):
Can you hear that?
KINA: Loud and clear.
Ingrid. it's really
interesting. I-
To be honest. I can't
see much difference
in the shark behavior
here at all. over.
Not much has
changed down here.
INGRID (off-screen): Yeah.
well. I guess that doesn't
really surprise me
given that these are
the fish-eating orca.
NARRATOR: The sharks
appear unresponsive to the
North American orca calls
but these sounds have
never been heard
before in New Zealand.
INGRID: Yeah. Kina. so
now I'm gonna play you
the New Zealand orca.
These are probably the ones
that the great whites have
heard before.
INGRID (off-screen): Stand by.
(orca calls over PA)
KINA: Just skirted off towards
the side of the boat there.
I can't say for sure. but
right now. I can't see
any sharks at all.
NARRATOR: The sharks
response was clearly to
move away from the sound.
KINA: That's a huge female!
But she's just not
approaching the cage.
Way out across the bottom.
I keep seeing these shapes.
Big sharks cruising past.
The sharks are there.
but they just don't
seem to be interested
in coming anywhere near us.
NARRATOR: Ingrid and Kina
observe that the sharks keep
the source of the
orca sounds in sight.
But stay well out of the way.
KINA: It is hard to know
what's going on. but. um.
Yeah. interesting.
INGRID (off-screen):
How was that. mate?
KINA: Yeah. well. another
awesome dive down here
but interesting.
We've only really
had a glimpse. eh?
NARRATOR: The orca sounds
changed the behavior of
the white sharks.
From fearlessly coming into
the sounds of the humpbacks.
to moving off and keeping
their distance when they heard
hunting orca.
But was this a typical
animal reaction to danger?
INGRID: You know. when you
think about the bite marks
that we saw that
could've been the orca.
and you saw the way that the
great white sharks. you know.
there was a bit of a reaction
there but not full on.
KINA: Obviously. we'd have
to do this a lot of times to
be able to say for sure.
INGRID: Yeah.
KINA: But maybe actually
the sharks aren't so
scared of orca.
INGRID: Well. maybe New Zealand
sharks are more
exposed to it like even from
when they are little sharks.
and so they just become
habituated to it.
NARRATOR: When orca
killed five white sharks
in South Africa in 2017.
many scientists
believed it was a
first for the region.
But is it possible that white
sharks have been fending off
orca attacks for
thousands of years?
And what we see are only the
most recent incidents in an
ancient and on-going battle?
INGRID: I guess the big
thing for me is. you know.
how far are these orca going?
We've got some evidence that
suggests that they are at
least trying to have a
nibble on them. but. uh.
you know I'm. I'm
curious to know just how
far they've taken it.
NARRATOR: So far. there have
been no reported serial shark
attacks in New Zealand.
But here on the far
side of the world.
the unseen struggle between
orca and white shark goes on.
in secret. for now.
Captioned by
Cotter Media Group.